---
layout: page
title: Contextual Inquiry Checkin
subtitle: 
gh-repo: ethioeph/ethioeph.github.io/muse-soc-network
---

Our first contextual inquiry took place with Jane Williams.  She is a senior at Williams College, majoring in English and Political Science.  Our inquiry was conducted at the Williams College Museum of Art, or WCMA.  The structure of our inquiry was to follow Jane as she walked throughout the exhibits at WCMA.  We were observing her interactions with the art, particularly as they related to her use of social media when interacting with art.  This involved following Jane and stopping to ask her questions when she did certain things (such as staring at certain pieces for an extended duration, stopping to use her phone, taking photos of art, etc.).  Questions included: Why are you taking a photo of this piece?  How do you plan on sharing this piece?  What do you like about this piece?  Did you finish reading that wall plaque?

Ultimately, we learned that students such as Jane enjoy using their phones when browsing museums.  Jane was particularly fond of taking photos of the art to add to her Snapchat and Instagram accounts.  Jane didn’t have a dedicated location to share her thoughts, but she still wanted her friends to see the works, so she decided to use Snapchat and Instagram.  Jane was conflicted; while she thinks a simple picture of the art (which exists online) is boring, it feels “lame” or “narcissistic” to take a photo of herself with the art.  This is why she chooses to use Snapchat and Instagram, where she can take a photo of the art along with a typed caption.  Jane mostly took photos of 2D pieces of framed art, suggesting it is more difficult for users to capture sculptures, experimental works, and other non-visual pieces.

The biggest opportunity we noticed is the popularity of phone usage in the museum.  We initially struggled in deciding whether or not we wanted to implement The Gallery as a mobile app or an in-museum kiosk system, but we now believe users would be more than willing to use their phones to add their comments and thoughts on art.  We also learned that some museum goers, such as Jane, are more interested in sharing their opinions on art with just their friends, rather than to a wider audience.  This encourages us to continue to explore our proposed privacy options in commenting on art.  We also learned that someone like Jane is looking for an in-between option from the extremes of: taking a photo of art, taking a photo with art.  Being able to add commentary to a photo of artwork seems to be a sufficient middleground, which supports our idea for The Gallery.  We also realise that there is indeed space in the market for a more niche app like The Gallery, as users currently have to default to broader apps, such as Snapchat and Instagram, which currently leads to users having to share their commentary with a potentially wider or narrower audience than they would otherwise like to.  One problem uncovered is: how will The Gallery deal with non-2D traditional art?  How should we digitise sculptures, and experimental works such as Anicka Yi’s in WCMA (the vat of hair gel, coupled with sound and scent)?  We still don’t have an answer for this,, at present, and would hopefully be able to defer to whatever way by which museums decide to digitise their collections.

There was not too much difficulty in gathering the necessary data, but we may benefit from concluding our inquiries with a short interview about participant’s specific interactions with social media platforms.  Not everyone will stop to use their phones during their museum visit, especially if they feel pressure from being observed.  It may be important after the contextual inquiry to follow-up with questions such as: why didn’t you use your phone in the museum?  If you’d like to, how would you share this experience with others?  Would you like to leave comments about: any specific piece, an exhibition, the curration, or the museum space?  How often do you use social media platforms a day, and at what times?

Our plans for the remaining inquiries are to conduct them with: another Williams student and a member of the WCMA staff.  This is a slight alteration from our initial plan of one Williams student, one non-Williams museum-goer, and a member of the WCMA staff.  We realise that finding a non-Williams museum-goer may prove difficult, and don’t see it as necessary at present.  Both of the following contextual inquiries will likely be conducted within WCMA as the first one did.  We may imagine, however, the inquiry with the member of WCMA’s staff involving a little more work relating to the use of WCMA’s digital collections, as well as having a more in-depth interview portion.

We will likely change our protocol as explained in the paragraphs above.  We will try to add short interview segments at the end of our inquiries to expand the amount of information we’re able to get from each participant, as it can be difficult to cover both museum usage and social media usage in one, thirty minute contextual inquiry.
